<H1 align="center"> INTRODUCTION </H1>

In recent days, use of image is now rapidly increasing. Simply, one of the person having multiple images and he is trying to store more and more image within minimum storage space. If anyone want to send image on internet he try to send that images in minimum transmission bandwidth and fast also. So option is to compress image. Image contains redundant information because correlated pixel having the same colour and information. Field of Image compression is rapidly growing and it is active research area. The aim of image compression is to remove noisy and repeated pixel to compress image. If image is compress then the storage space and transmission bandwidth problem is solve for transferring the large amount of image data without degrading the quality of image. 

Tactical communications are military communications in which information of any kind, especially orders and military intelligence, are conveyed from one command, person, or place to another upon a battlefield, particularly during the conduct of combat. It includes any kind of delivery of information, whether verbal, written, visual or auditory, and can be sent in a variety of ways. In modern times, this is usually done by electronic means. Tactical communications do not include communications provided to tactical forces by the Defense Communications System to non-tactical military commands, to tactical forces by civil organizations, nor does it include strategic communication.
So, implementing tactical internet in our project we are developing a C language-based image compressor which will compress and encrypt confidential images that are staked for communication or information. The encryption is based on the Huffman algorithm. It is an algorithm which works with integer length codes. A Huffman tree represents Huffman codes for the character that might appear in a text file. Unlike to ASCII or Unicode, Huffman code uses different number of bits to encode letters. If the number of occurrences of any character is more, we use fewer numbers of bits. Huffman coding is a method for the construction of minimum redundancy codes.

Socket programming is a way of connecting two nodes on a network to communicate with each other. One socket(node) listens on a particular port at an IP, while other socket reaches out to the other to form a connection. Server forms the listener socket while client reaches out to the server.
Fusing socket programming we will transfer the encoded and compressed image to another station.
Importance of  the project is to provide security from unauthorized lot so that our data shall not face any interruptions and hence providing a secure line for data communication.
